SCENE: Introduction

The screen is dark. The byline fades in:
A ZANE WAGNER PRODUCTION

We fade in at the INTERLINK - a spired structure.
There's a flash of lightning, and a golden sprite man
walks out of the structure. He pauses for a moment, then
turns and walks to the right. We pan with him - and the
background fades out.

That single golden sprite continues to walk across the
dark screen. Text fades in:

SOMEWHERE IN A DARK
CORNER OF CYBERSPACE...

The text fades back out along with the sprite...
After a beat, the background resolves into a digital
tavern. Sprites move back and forth, almost all blue.
A green one stands at the bar. The gold-colored sprite
approaches the green. A conversation window opens.

Outsider (gold colored sprite):
	"I'm looking to hire a team to do a little data-
	extraction on my employer's behalf..."
Alex (green colored sprite):
	"You're talking to the right person. Name's Alex.
	What exactly did you have in mind?"
Outsider:
	"A data extraction mission."
	"Before I hire you, I'll need to see your team's credentials."
* 	The party selection menu comes up.
*	The player selects four different roles for the party.
*	The tavern reappears. Three other sprites at the bar turn around
	and become green shaded.
Outsider:
	"Yes... you'll do nicely."
	"We can't talk here. Too many people. Meet me with your team
	at my private booth over there."
*	The Outsider moves to a booth nearby.
* 	The player now has total control over the green
	colored sprite. The player can talk to tavern patrons,
	prompting several scripted sequences.
	* If the player attempts to leave, the bartender calls out:
		"Hey! Alex, you wouldn't be trying to leave without
		paying your bill, would you?"
	* If the player talks to the bartender:
		"The bill for your party comes to $100."
		Alex:
		"..."
		"Put it on my tab."
		Bartender:
		"Your tab is maxed out, Alex. I won't let you leave until you pay."

SCENE: The Outsider's Quest		

	* At the booth:
Outsider:
	"(((gives information about job to be done)))."
	The outsider pays off the party's bills, and gives the player
	a location chip.
	
	The location chip can be used at the Interlink - a building in town.
	Other buildings in town include a store for upgrading equipment, the
		tavern, and various other locales (see Town.txt).
	
	The other locations aren't open yet, for various reasons.